Blog: Introducing Indexed Jobs (#27169)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2021-04-08-introducing-indexed-jobs.md

---
title: "Introducing Indexed Jobs"
date: 2021-05-05
slug: introducing-indexed-jobs
---

**Author:** Aldo Culquicondor (Google)

> Once you have containerized a non-parallel {{< glossary_tooltip text="Job" term_id="job" >}},

Reviewer: Maybe better `[Job](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/)`?

Author: Done

it is quite easy to get it up and running on Kubernetes without modifications to

> the binary. But when running parallel distributed Jobs, in most cases, you had

Reviewer: In most cases, when running parallel distributed Jobs, you had to ...

Author: Done

to set a separate system to partition the work among the workers. For
example, you could set up a task queue to [assign one work item to each
Pod](/docs/tasks/job/coarse-parallel-processing-work-queue/) or [multiple items
to each Pod until the queue is emptied](/docs/tasks/job/fine-parallel-processing-work-queue/).

SIG Apps introduces the Job _completion mode_, which allows you to control how

> Pod completions affect the overall progress of a Job and, with 2 possible values

Reviewer: s/2/two

Author: Done

(for now):

> - `NonIndexed` (default): the Job is considered complete when there have been

Reviewer: ~~have~~ has been

Author: Done

  a number of successfully completed Pods equal to the specified number in
  `.spec.completions`. In other words, each Pod completion is homologous to
  each other. Any Job you might have created before the introduction of
  completion modes is implicitly NonIndexed.
- `Indexed`: the Job is considered complete when there is one successfully

>   completed Pod associated to each index from 0 to `.spec.completions-1`. Each

Reviewer: associated ~~to~~ with

Author: Done

  Pod gets its associated index in the annotation

>   `batch.kubernetes.io/job-completion-index`.

Reviewer: The index is exposed in `batch.kubernetes.io/job-completion-index` annotation.

Author: added "to each Pod"

You can start using Jobs with Indexed completion mode, or Indexed Jobs, for
short, to easily start parallel Jobs in which each worker works on a partition
of the data that is statically assigned. This saves you from having to set up

> a queuing system or even having to modify your binary!

Reviewer: The sentence is too long and thus hard to read. How about:

You can start using Jobs with Indexed completion mode, or Indexed Jobs, for
short, to easily start parallel Jobs. Each worker has a statically assigned partition
of the data. This saves you from having to set up a queuing system or even having to modify your binary!

## Creating an Indexed Job

> To create an Indexed Job, you just have to add `completionMode: Indexed` to the

Reviewer: You're missing information that you need to enable feature-gate for kube-apiserver and kube-controller-manger, just like here: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/27197/files#diff-6d7fa9f360d5f0523122dbcc94f6c1c1c0c5345a5b5d77313aade5880a3a68eaR28

Author: Added after the sample

Job spec and make use of the `JOB_COMPLETION_INDEX` environment variable.

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: 'sample-job'
spec:
  completions: 3
  parallelism: 3
  completionMode: Indexed
  template:
    spec:
      restartPolicy: Never
      containers:
      - command:
        - 'bash'
        - '-c'
        - 'echo "My partition: ${JOB_COMPLETION_INDEX}"'
        image: 'docker.io/library/bash'
        name: 'sample-load'
```

When you run the example, you will see that each of the 3 created Pods gets a

> different completion index. For users convenience, the control plane sets the

Reviewer 2: recommend "for *the user's* convenience"

Author: Done

`JOB_COMPLETION_INDEX` environment variable, but you can choose to [set your
own](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/environment-variable-expose-pod-information/)

> or [expose the index as a file](/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/).

Reviewer 2: In the Netlify preview the /downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/ URL results in a 404 error. I believe the intended target is https://v1-17.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/ and requires the complete path "/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/" to build properly.

Author: Oops, copy-and-paste mistake.

See [Indexed Job for parallel processing with static work
assignment](/docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/) for a

> step-by-step guide, and a few more examples.

Reviewer 2: In the Netlify preview the /docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/ URL results in a 404 error. I can't be confident of the intended target so can't offer that suggestion!

Reviewer 2: recommend "for *the user's* convenience"

Author: This doc has been merged to the dev-1.21 branch #26958

---
title: "Introducing Indexed Jobs"
date: 2021-05-05
slug: introducing-indexed-jobs

> url: /blog/2021/04/introducing-indexed-jobs

Reviewer 3: I recommend omitting this line and letting the generator work out the URL automatically. Also, the month is mismatched against the article date.

Author: Removed

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: 'sample-job'
spec:
  completions: 3
  parallelism: 3
  completionMode: Indexed
  template:
    spec:
      restartPolicy: Never
      containers:
      - command:
        - 'bash'
        - '-c'
        - 'echo "My partition: ${JOB_COMPLETION_INDEX}"'
        image: 'docker.io/library/bash'
        name: 'sample-load'
```

When you run the example, you will see that each of the 3 created Pods gets a
different completion index. For users convenience, the control plane sets the
`JOB_COMPLETION_INDEX` environment variable, but you can choose to [set your
own](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/environment-variable-expose-pod-information/)
or [expose the index as a file](/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/).

See [Indexed Job for parallel processing with static work
assignment](/docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/) for a
step-by-step guide, and a few more examples.

## Future plans

We envision that there might be more completion modes that enable more use cases
for the Job API. We welcome you to open issues in
[kubernetes/kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) with your
suggestions.

> In particular, we are considered an `IndexedAndUnique` mode were the indexes

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
In particular, we are considered an `IndexedAndUnique` mode where the indexes
```

Author: Done

> In particular, we are considered an `IndexedAndUnique` mode were the indexes

Reviewer 4: considering

Author: Done

are not just available as annotation, but they are part of the Pod names,
similar to {{< glossary_tooltip text="StatefulSet" term_id="statefulset" >}}.
This should facilitate inter-Pod communication for tightly coupled Pods.
You can join the discussion in the [open issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/99497).

## Wrap-up

Indexed Jobs allows you to statically partition work among the workers of your

> parallel Jobs. We hope that this feature facilitates the migration of more batch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
parallel Jobs. I hope that this feature facilitates the migration of more of your batch
```
?

only because there's just 1 author, and with https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we in mind (from the documentation style guide, mind).

Author: Can I say "SIG Apps hopes..."?

Any recommendation for the 2nd paragraph that avoid either "we" or "I"?

Reviewer 3: Yep, “SIG Apps hopes” works well.
